README.md, before:

Computer Graphics - Homework Assignments
========================================

Homework Assignments:
---------------------

1. [Airbrush](https://github.com/yig/graphics101-airbrush)
2. [Raycasting](https://github.com/yig/graphics101-raycasting)
3. [Raytracing](https://github.com/yig/graphics101-raytracing)
4. [Image Processing](https://github.com/yig/graphics101-imageprocessing)
5. [Meshes](https://github.com/yig/graphics101-meshes)
6. [Shaders aka the Graphics Pipeline](https://github.com/yig/graphics101-pipeline)

Getting Started
---------------

* All assignments will be written in C++. The assignments should ease you in.

* The assignments make use of the cross-platform, open source Qt development environment,
which comes with a great IDE. Install the open source version
of the Qt environment: <https://www.qt.io/download-open-source>
(At the time of writing, version 5.11 is the newest version. Any 5.x
version should work.) This installer, by default, includes all versions of
Qt. This is unnecessary and takes a huge amount of space.
Install only the most recent version (e.g. Qt 5.11) and the Qt Creator IDE.
On Windows, also install the MingW compiler.

    * Mac users can install more easily with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/): `brew install qt` and `brew cask install qt-creator`.
    * Ubuntu Linux users can install more easily via `apt-get install qtbase5-dev qtcreator`.

* Download each assignment. Inside each folder there is a
file named `<project>.pro`. This should launch the Qt Creator development
environment (IDE).

* Build and run the code. Make your changes. Write a `Notes.txt`. Hand it in.

Commit message:

Instructions for avoiding Qt Creator.

README.md, after:

Computer Graphics - Homework Assignments
========================================

Homework Assignments:
---------------------

1. [Airbrush](https://github.com/yig/graphics101-airbrush)
2. [Raycasting](https://github.com/yig/graphics101-raycasting)
3. [Raytracing](https://github.com/yig/graphics101-raytracing)
4. [Image Processing](https://github.com/yig/graphics101-imageprocessing)
5. [Meshes](https://github.com/yig/graphics101-meshes)
6. [Shaders aka the Graphics Pipeline](https://github.com/yig/graphics101-pipeline)

Getting Started
---------------

* All assignments will be written in C++. The assignments should ease you in.

* The assignments make use of the cross-platform, open source Qt development environment,
which has a great IDE. Install the open source version
of the Qt environment: <https://www.qt.io/download-open-source>
(At the time of writing, version 5.11 is the newest version. Any 5.x
version should work.) This installer, by default, includes all versions of
Qt. This is unnecessary and takes a huge amount of space.
Install only the most recent version (e.g. Qt 5.11) and the Qt Creator IDE.
On Windows, also install the MingW compiler.

    * Mac users can install more easily with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/): `brew install qt` and `brew cask install qt-creator`.
    * Ubuntu Linux users can install more easily via `apt-get install qtbase5-dev qtcreator`.

* Download each assignment. Inside each folder there is a
file named `<project>.pro`. This should launch the Qt Creator development
environment (IDE).

    * If you really don't want to use the Qt Creator IDE, you can use `qmake` to set up a standard `Makefile`. You will still need to install the Qt libraries and headers. From inside each folder, run:
    
            mkdir build
            cd build
            qmake ..
        
        Then, to compile the program, just type `make`.

* Build and run the code. Make your changes. Write a `Notes.txt`. Hand it in.
